2010: A Hung Truong Year In Review
Published on December 31, 2010.
Looking back at 2010, this year has been one of change and growth for me.
I’d like to take a post and look back at what I did this year.
January and February were kinda uneventful.
I was pretty nose down trying to become a good PM at Microsoft.
Oh, and I was busy making troll posts about how the iPad was gonna suck and I wrote a lot of book and music reviews.
In March , I attended SXSW and moderated a panel that I had submitted the year before on Student Startups.
I met many of my friends who I hadn’t seen in a while and met a lot of cool new people .
It was from that experience that I decided I needed to stop doing what I was currently doing and change course so that I could do what I was “meant” to do.
Also in March, I was rejected from the one PhD program I had applied to.
In hindsight, this was probably a good thing.
I’m used to rejection anyway!
In April I officially resigned from Microsoft as a PM after only about 7 months (and 5 managers!) on the job.
I knew this was a serious decision.
In hindsight, I’m glad I did it.
Quitting let me focus on other cool stuff that I was meaning to get into, like iPhone (now iOS) development.
In the same month I finally released an app to the iTunes App Store , something I had wanted to do for years.
In May, I moved back to Ann Arbor to be near to my GF, which required me to pack all my crap into my Corolla and drive the whole way.
I also flew to New Mexico for a wedding and got to hang out with my family.
This probably explains why I have no blog posts for May 2010.
In June I mostly basked in the glory of my funemployment and took it easy (read: I marathoned Lost).
I also tinkered with my existing iPhone app and enhanced it a bit, building up my Obj-C chops.
I interviewed for some jobs here and there to test out the waters, but none ended up being fruitful.
The incompetence of HR departments never ceases to amaze me, but I suppose that’s a topic for a different post.
In July I looked for some more opportunities to work with other companies.
I didn’t end up teaming up with anyone, but a conversation I had during an “interview” led me to start development on Checkmate, my second app for the iPhone.
I spent a fair amount of July developing and testing Checkmate.
I also took a cool part-time gig with the coolest boss in history .
August saw the release of Checkmate , which was featured in a story on Mashable !
Thanks, Pete Cashmore!
While Checkmate wasn’t (and it still isn’t) the perfect app, I learned a ton from developing it and gained a lot of confidence as well.
I also discovered the NPR news story of that time I went on a chocolate factory tour in Seattle !
My September was mostly spent improving Checkmate and learning about how to handle a paid app in the App Store.
Doing a paid app is a quite a bit different than a free one.
I also spent some time looking for an old printing press and finally scored one on craigslist !
In October , I started working on another app that eventually became ♥s Threadless.
This was the biggest undertaking I’ve done so far on iOS, and it also required me to do more complicated work in App Engine than I had done before.
I also spent October tracking down supplies for my Letterpress machine, and ended up doing my first prints ever: Giraffe Coasters !
I split my November into days where I’d work on getting better at printmaking (and coming up with stuff like these letterpress business cards ) and days where I’d work on the Threadless app.
I finally ended up releasing the Threadless app at the end of November.
The reception of the app has been great!
So far the app has 6 perfect reviews and one 4-star review.
That makes me incredibly happy.
This brings us to the current month, December .
I started another app engine project that’s not quite ready for public beta yet (though I feel it will be really soon).
Because of the app, Threadless was super cool and invited me to their Chicago headquarters.
I finally realized one of my lifelong dreams of becoming a Threadless t-shirt model !
I’ve also been hanging out in Albuquerque and spoiling my nephew rotten for a few weeks.
And that is my 2010 year in review.
One surprising thing is that many times during 2010, I was really down on myself.
But looking back, I actually accomplished some neat stuff!
I think it boils down to the fact that there’s still a lot of uncertainty in my life, and that’s hard to manage.
But I think I’m getting better at managing it every day.
In retrospect, 2010 was a great year, maybe even the best (so far).
Looking at 2011, I see a lot of opportunity.
I’m going to continue to remind myself that minor setbacks are just that.
I’ll push through them and accomplish even more than I did in 2010!
My role model for 2011 is this guy:
Hopefully I’ll have some good stuff to report in a year or so!